Feature/commit validation (#1011)
rome/tools: CONTRIBUTING.md

./rome run scripts/generate-all-files
```

## Commit messages

Internally, the Rome team adheres as closely as possible to the [conventional commit specification](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.2/).
Following this convention encourages commit best-practices and facilitates commit-powered features like change log generation.

The following commit prefixes are supported:
 - `feat:`, a new feature
 - `fix:`, a bugfix
 - `docs:`, a documentation update
 - `test`, a test update

>  - `chore:`, project housekeeping

Reviewer: Could we consider adding `style` (i.e. linting), `refactor` and `perf`*ormance*.

Author: I will include `refactor` and `perf`. Not sure about `style`, to me it seems more about CSS and styling. We could discuss it later

 Below are examples of well-formatted commits:

```
feat(compiler): implemented parsing for new type of files
fix: fixed nasty unhandled error 
docs: fixed link to website page

> test(lint): added more cases to handle invalid rules

Reviewer 2: I think we should use the imperative mood for our examples. (`add` vs `added`)

./rome run scripts/generate-all-files
```

## Commit messages

> Internally, we try to follow [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.2/). 
> Following this convention will help the project to create well formatted changelogs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Internally, the Rome team adheres as closely as possible to the [conventional commit specification](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0-beta.2/).
Following this convention encourages commit best-practices and facilitates commit-powered features like change log generation.
```

> 
> We support the following prefixes:
>  - `feat:`, a new feature
>  - `fix:`, a bugfix
>  - `docs:`, when part of the documentation is updated
>  - `test`, when the changes involve tests
>  - `chore:`, anything that doesn't  fit the previous tags, can be marked as chore
> 
> An example of a well formatted commits are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

The following commit prefixes are supported:
 - `feat:`, a new feature
 - `fix:`, a bugfix
 - `docs:`, a documentation update
 - `test`, a test update
 - `chore:`, project housekeeping

 Below are examples of well-formatted commits:
```

```
feat(compiler): implemented parsing for new type of files
fix: fixed nasty unhandled error 
docs: fixed link to website page
test(lint): added more cases to handle invalid rules
``` 

> ### Commit check
> 
> You can run
> 
> ```
> ./rome run scripts/vcs/verify-commits
> ```
> 
> To verify that the commit messages are correct, before actually open a PR.
> 
> ### Creating a PR
> 
> When creating a PR, it preferable to use the first commit as a title. 
> The reason is that because when squashing and merging, github will use the title of the PR as commit message. 
> 
> This will make the work of the core contributors easier and all the PRs will be consistent. 
>  
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Commit verification

Commits will be verified as part of CI **only on the main branch**. This means that CI will **not** verify commits in pull requests, since these often contain many work-in-progress commits that may not be well-formed, and because the `main` branch uses squash-based merging.

### Creating pull requests

When creating a new pull request, it's preferable to use a conventional commit-formatted title, as this title will be used as the default commit message on the squashed commit after merging.
```
